My name is Linus, and I am your God. - Linus Torvalds
Nobody actually creates perfect code the first time around, except me. But there's only one of me. — Linus Torvalds
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free. - Linus Torvalds
Nvidia, fuck you! - Linus Torvalds
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Rules of Optimization: Rule 1: Don't do it. Rule 2 (for experts only): Don't do it yet. — Michael A. Jacksno
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. — Edsger Dijkstra
Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. — Keith Bostic
On the seventh day, God said, "Ship it! We'll release patches later. — Josh Flachsbart
It's not a bug, it's a feature! - Unknown
There, it should work now. - All programmers
There Are Only 10 Types Of People In The World: Those Who Understand Binary, And Those Who Don't - Unknown
Before Software Can Be Reusable It First Has To Be Usable. - Ralph Johnson
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. - Unknown
Why programmers like UNIX: unzip, strip, touch, finger, grep, mount, fsck, more, yes, fsck, fsck, fsck, umount, sleep - Unknown
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think "I know, I'll use regular expressions. Now they have two problems - Jamie Zawinski
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.  — Edsger Dijkstra
Code formatting is important. It is too important to ignore and it is too important to treat religiously. Code formatting is about communication, and communication is the professional
developer’s first order of business. Perhaps you thought that “getting it working” was the first order of business for a professional developer. - Clean Code - Robert Martin
Hacker is a person who is trying to steal your grandma's bank password - Unknown
I don’t need tests: tests are for people who write bugs. – @hipsterhacker
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability - Edsger Dijkstra
John is a man of focus, commitment, of sheer will.- Viggo Tarasov
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Hal Abelson
The answer to every question in software is ‘it depends. - Sandi Metz
Nothing is faster than doing nothing. Nothing.
To make error is human. To propagate error to all server in automatic way is #devops.
